Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/changelog/opam/2016-09-20-opam-2-0-preview.md

that OCaml compiler packages are no longer special entities, and are replaced
by standard package definition files. This in turn means that <span class="opam">opam</span> users have
more flexibility in how switches are managed, including for managing non-OCaml

> environments such as [Coq](http://coq.io/opam/ - [1 Client error: Couldn't connect to server]) using the same familiar tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environments such as [Coq](https://opam.ocaml.org/packages/coq/) using the same familiar tools.
```
